CHEESECAKE

Ingredients:

For the crust:

2 cups graham cracker crumbs
1/4 cup granulated sugar
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted
For the filling:

32 oz (900g) cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 cups granulated sugar
4 large eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup sour cream
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
For the topping (optional):

1 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Instructions:

Preheat your oven to 325°F (160°C). Grease a 9-inch springform pan with butter or cooking spray.

In a mixing bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, granulated sugar, and melted butter for the crust. Mix until the crumbs are evenly coated with butter.

Press the crumb mixture into the bottom of the prepared springform pan, creating an even layer. Use the back of a spoon or the bottom of a glass to firmly press the crumbs down.

In a large mixing bowl, beat the softened cream cheese and granulated sugar together until smooth and creamy.

Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Make sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl to ensure even mixing.

Stir in the vanilla extract, sour cream, and flour. Mix until all the ingredients are well incorporated and the batter is smooth.

Pour the cream cheese filling over the crust in the springform pan. Smooth the top with a spatula.

Place the pan in the preheated oven and bake for approximately 55-60 minutes, or until the edges are set but the center is slightly jiggly.

Remove the cheesecake from the oven and let it cool in the pan on a wire rack for about 10 minutes.

In the meantime, prepare the optional topping by combining the sour cream, granulated sugar, and vanilla extract in a small bowl. Mix until well combined.

Gently spread the sour cream topping over the slightly cooled cheesecake.

Return the cheesecake to the oven and bake for an additional 5 minutes.

Remove the cheesecake from the oven and let it cool completely in the pan on a wire rack.

Once completely cooled, refrigerate the cheesecake for at least 4 hours, or overnight, to allow it to set.
