CHOCOLATE CAKE

Ingredients:

2 cups all-purpose flour
2 cups granulated sugar
3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
2 large eggs
1 cup whole milk
1/2 cup vegetable oil
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 cup boiling water
For the chocolate frosting:

1 cup unsalted butter, softened
3 1/2 cups powdered sugar
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 cup whole milk
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Instructions:

Preheat your oven to 350°F (175°C). Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans.

In a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Mix well to ensure they are evenly combined.

Add the eggs, milk, vegetable oil, and vanilla extract to the dry ingredients. Mix on medium speed using an electric mixer for about 2 minutes until well combined.

Reduce the speed to low and slowly add the boiling water to the batter. Mix until the water is fully incorporated. The batter will be thin, but that's normal.

Pour the batter evenly into the prepared cake pans.

Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes comes out clean.

Remove the cakes from the oven and allow them to cool in the pans for about 10 minutes. Then, transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely.

While the cakes are cooling, prepare the chocolate frosting. In a large bowl, cream the butter until it becomes light and fluffy. Gradually add the powdered sugar and cocoa powder, alternating with the milk. Mix well after each addition. Finally, stir in the vanilla extract and beat until the frosting is smooth and creamy.

Once the cakes have cooled completely, spread a layer of chocolate frosting on top of one cake layer. Place the second cake layer on top and frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining chocolate frosting.

You can decorate the cake as desired with chocolate shavings, sprinkles, or any other toppings you prefer.

Slice and serve the delicious homemade chocolate cake!