CUPCAKES

Ingredients:

For the cupcakes:

1 1/2 cups (190 grams) of all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons of baking powder
1/4 teaspoon of salt
1/2 cup (113 grams) of unsalted butter, softened
1 cup (200 grams) of granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
1/2 cup (120 milliliters) of milk
For the frosting:

1/2 cup (113 grams) of unsalted butter, softened
2 cups (250 grams) of powdered sugar
1-2 tablespoons of milk or heavy cream
1 teaspoon of vanilla extract
Food coloring (optional)
Instructions:

Preheat the oven: Preheat your oven to 350°F (175°C). Line a cupcake tray with paper liners.

Prepare the cupcakes: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.

Cream the butter and sugar: In a large mixing bowl, cream together the softened butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. You can use an electric mixer or do it by hand with a whisk.

Add eggs and vanilla: Add the eggs one at a time to the butter-sugar mixture, beating well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla extract.

Alternate adding dry ingredients and milk: Gradually add the dry ingredient mixture to the butter-sugar mixture, alternating with the milk. Begin and end with the dry ingredients, mixing just until combined after each addition. Be careful not to overmix.

Fill the cupcake liners: Spoon the cupcake batter into the lined cupcake tray, filling each liner about two-thirds full.

Bake the cupcakes: Place the cupcake tray in the preheated oven and bake for 18-20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean. Remove from the oven and let them cool completely on a wire rack.

Prepare the frosting: In a mixing bowl, beat the softened butter until creamy. Gradually add the powdered sugar, mixing well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla extract. If the frosting is too thick, add milk or heavy cream, one tablespoon at a time, until the desired consistency is reached. You can also add food coloring if desired.

Frost the cupcakes: Once the cupcakes are completely cooled, frost them using a piping bag or a butter knife. You can get creative with different frosting designs and decorations.